[Music]
hey what's up guys this is 9 bringing
you a Call of Duty ghosts live
commentary on Bayview one of the new
onslaught DLC maps and I've got a really
big tip for you guys if you are thinking
about getting the onslaught DLC
something you need to consider when
you're playing these maps is that
they're all really small Maps which is
good that's what everybody's been asking
for smaller Maps more fast-paced you
know a little bit more like previous
Call of Duty games what we've all known
and loved for the last few years but the
weird thing about these these new maps
is while they did give us what we were
asking for the smaller maps more
fast-paced um the guns that they gave us
the Maverick and while the Maverick
assault rifle in maverick sniper rifle
what is this guy doing um they're kind
of more gauged towards bigger Maps
obviously an assault rifle and and a
sniper rifle are meant for bigger Maps
then whoa then smg's and what we've got
with the onslaught DLC are kind of like
SMG maps they're small they're tight
fast paced and all that so my advice to
you is use an SMG when you're playing
these maps especially ups for guys who
don't have the DLC yet like if you get
the game or sorry if you get the DLC
when it drops for ps4 or ps3 like day
one everybody's gonna be using the
Maverick literally everybody and you're
gonna have a huge advantage over them if
you're using an SMG because that's like
it feels like these are maps that are
made for SMGs right it's what everybody
was asking for previous Call of Duty
games were pretty much dominated by
smg's and then we got Call of Duty
ghosts here where it's mostly people
using assault rifles but these are not
assault rifle maps it's a really nice
change but people you know that they use
the Maverick just because it came as a
DLC but I think you'll do better
actually if you're using whoa if you're
using an SMG so that's my tip that's why
I'm using the mtar here today for those
of you who well I was gonna say those of
you who are on ps3 and and you don't
have the DLC yet available to you but I
mean even if you're on
Xbox you just haven't decided to pick it
up yet or you know if you are you're on
Xbox you already know you're gonna pick
it up but you just haven't gotten around
to it yet or whatever yeah I think it'll
help you out hopefully so I'm gonna oh
god there's a guy coming there's a guy
coming there's a guy coming right around
the corner okay I'm still alive good
there's a guy over here I thought I was
dead for sure they're I don't know why I
keep coming up here because there's a
sniper on the other side a sniper post
on the other side and I cannot fight
back that far with the Nessun so the
left side of this map is kind of like
the long-range side and the right the
right side of the map is a close-range
side holy crap no he had what was that
flak jacket no it's called a camera or
what it's called
ballistic vest he had a ballistic vest
there wow look at all these people okay
yeah people tend to follow that card
around it's not very smart though the
little Charlie never works well let me
get this kill what is that is that a
juggernaut no I don't think it was it
was just my bad aim
there's a guy in that building not gonna
bother with him though there's another
guy with the ballistic vest
Griffin's really really fun to use it's
my favorite kill streak what about you
guys
just got shot down all right here we go
they should be spawning over here Oh No
maybe a little bit more this way here we
go oh yeah I got the knife he got the
knife my teammate didn't know where that
guy was he is like looking all over the
place oh I did not mean to climb
that's dangerous when you climb by
accident he usually results in a death I
got lucky there whoa here we go this guy
trying to knife people you guys well you
know sometimes it's annoying to get
knifed but I always think you know what
if the knife were was using a gun he'd
probably be getting more kills so can't
really complain you know a knife versus
putting himself at a disadvantage it's a
similar situation with the sniper right
anyways twenty two and three it's a
decent game I thought I'd just give you
guys that tip using an SMG in the
onslaught DLC it works really well as
you can see pretty good KD here
unfortunately I wanted to get a
domination game play but I couldn't
because it's really hard to get into a
domination match on these new onslaught
match but anyways I hope you guys
enjoyed leave a like if you did it only
takes two seconds to hit that like
button and I really appreciate it thank
you for watching make sure you subscribe
for more onslaught DLC gameplay and I'll
see you tomorrow with a new video peace
[Music]
you